README.md, before:

# Mobile Dashboard for FM Poland - Automated Installer

This repository contains PHP files for your Raspberry Pi web application with an automated installation script.

## Quick Installation

Run this single command on your Raspberry Pi to install/update all files:

```bash
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/woyteg/minidashboard/main/install.sh | sudo bash
```

**Alternative method** (if curl is not available):

```bash
wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/woyteg/minidashboard/main/install.sh | sudo bash
```

## What This Script Does

1. ✅ Creates a backup of existing files (saved to `/tmp/webfiles_backup_TIMESTAMP/`)
2. ✅ Changes permissions on existing files that need to be overwritten
3. ✅ Copies new files to the correct locations
4. ✅ Sets proper ownership (`www-data:www-data`)
5. ✅ Sets proper permissions (644)

## Files Installed

### Main Directory (`/var/www/html/`)
- `Mini.php`
- `settings.php`
- `talkgroup_config.php`

### Include Directory (`/var/www/html/include/`)
- `top_menu.php` (overwrites existing)
- `change_tg.php`
- `check_nodes.php`
- `lh.php` (overwrites existing)
- `reflecor_status.php`

## Manual Installation

If you prefer to install manually:

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/woyteg/minidashboard.git
   cd minidashboard
   ```

2. Run the installation script:
   ```bash
   sudo bash install.sh
   ```

## Requirements

Raspberry Pi or Orange Pi with SP2ONG Dashboard over FM Poland (SVXLink)

## Troubleshooting

**Error: "must be run as root"**
- Make sure to include `sudo` before the command

**Error: "files directory not found"**
- The repository structure may be incorrect. Contact the maintainer.

**Files not showing on website**
- Try restarting the web server: `sudo systemctl restart apache2`

## Backup

The script automatically backs up your existing files before making any changes. Backups are stored in `/tmp/webfiles_backup_TIMESTAMP/`

To restore from backup:
```bash
sudo cp /tmp/webfiles_backup_TIMESTAMP/* /var/www/html/include/
```

## Support

If you encounter any issues, please open an issue on GitHub.

Commit message:

Enhance README with mobile dashboard info and Orange Pi
Updated README to include mobile version details and installation for Orange Pi.

README.md, after:

# Mobile Dashboard for FM Poland - Automated Installer

FM Poland Mobile Dashboard

Have you ever thought about putting that old phone lying in a drawer to good use? Now’s your chance — it finally worked out! We now have a mobile version of the FM Poland dashboard, compatible with hotspots running the original dashboard created by Waldek SP2ONG.

This final version is the result of inspiration and your feedback, which is why I consider it our collective creation.
The dashboard has been optimized to work on as many different phones as possible. Of course, it won’t please everyone, but since it’s an open-source project, I encourage everyone to customize it to their own needs.

## Quick Installation

Run this single command on your Raspberry Pi or Orange Pi to install/update all files:

```bash
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/woyteg/minidashboard/main/install.sh | sudo bash
```

**Alternative method** (if curl is not available):

```bash
wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/woyteg/minidashboard/main/install.sh | sudo bash
```

## What This Script Does

1. ✅ Creates a backup of existing files (saved to `/tmp/webfiles_backup_TIMESTAMP/`)
2. ✅ Changes permissions on existing files that need to be overwritten
3. ✅ Copies new files to the correct locations
4. ✅ Sets proper ownership (`www-data:www-data`)
5. ✅ Sets proper permissions (644)

## Files Installed

### Main Directory (`/var/www/html/`)
- `Mini.php`
- `settings.php`
- `talkgroup_config.php`

### Include Directory (`/var/www/html/include/`)
- `top_menu.php` (overwrites existing)
- `change_tg.php`
- `check_nodes.php`
- `lh.php` (overwrites existing)
- `reflecor_status.php`

## Manual Installation

If you prefer to install manually:

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/woyteg/minidashboard.git
   cd minidashboard
   ```

2. Run the installation script:
   ```bash
   sudo bash install.sh
   ```

## Requirements

Raspberry Pi or Orange Pi with SP2ONG Dashboard over FM Poland (SVXLink)

## Troubleshooting

**Error: "must be run as root"**
- Make sure to include `sudo` before the command

**Error: "files directory not found"**
- The repository structure may be incorrect. Contact the maintainer.

**Files not showing on website**
- Try restarting the web server: `sudo systemctl restart apache2`

## Backup

The script automatically backs up your existing files before making any changes. Backups are stored in `/tmp/webfiles_backup_TIMESTAMP/`

To restore from backup:
```bash
sudo cp /tmp/webfiles_backup_TIMESTAMP/* /var/www/html/include/
```

## Support

If you encounter any issues, please open an issue on GitHub.
